Add missing link (#104)
snowplow/documentation: docs/collecting-data/collecting-from-own-applications/java-tracker/migration-guides/migration-guide-v1/index.md

We also removed the [Guava](https://github.com/google/guava) dependency.

## New features

> New and improved callbacks! You can now add custom callbacks using the `EmitterCallback` interface, for example to create tracker metrics. The `EmitterCallback` will be called when events are successfully sent, and also in response to several different failures. It's described fully [here](https://docs.snowplow.io/docs/collecting-data/collecting-from-own-applications/java-tracker/configuring-how-events-are-sent/#using-the-emitter-callback).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
New and improved callbacks! You can now add custom callbacks using the `EmitterCallback` interface, for example to create tracker metrics. The `EmitterCallback` will be called when events are successfully sent, and also in response to several different failures. It's described fully [here](/docs/collecting-data/collecting-from-own-applications/java-tracker/configuring-how-events-are-sent/index.md#using-the-emitter-callback).
```
